Steven Spielberg presents: Back to the Future
a Robert Zemeckis film. Marty lives an Ordinary life.
No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.
Well, history is gonna change.
And 1985 is not his year.
But Dr Brown is about to change all that.
Are you telling me that you built the time machine
- out of a DeLorean?
He's sending marty 30 years back in time.
It worked!
It's a flying saucer from outer space!
Now he's trapped in the past...
This's gotta be a dream.
...about to meet...
Chocolate!
His future father
He's a peeping Tom.
And he's making an impression on his mother.
He's an absolute dream!
And he can sleep in my room.
And if you do cause serious repercussions on future events...
Now, he's got to make his mother and father fall in love.
I haven't even been born yet.
And only Dr Brown...
...can help him get...
...Back to the future.
Do you mean this sucker is nuclear?!
Precisely!
Michael J. Fox
Wow, this is heavy.
Christopher Lloyd
There's that word, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future?
Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?
Back to the Future